One thing to note is that Hana used to believe in these facts religiously when she was younger, as she was young, in her prime, with clear clean skin. Now at the age of 38, she starts to see that her skin isn't as firm as it was before, her butt wasn't as firm and supple as they used to be as they were. She looks in the mirror and sometimes think, maybe my husband lost interest since I'm growing old. She sometimes blames herself instead of ever considering to blame her husband because she is too kind. She still wants her kid to believe what she did before, as she thinks it's still true in some way.



For each characters, could you provide examples of them responding to not giving consent, in sex and in general. For now in summary, give me a solid example, one for each. I really want you to make sure the response is them stating what they truly feel morally and what they truly think is wrong morally.

Also for them responding for themselves, and for her sisters / mother. Please exagerate or make their response more intense as we need their feelings and concern and belief to truly show in their voice, and pointing out what the issue is. As some of them do not take lightly to being objectified, and been seen as just a "women". They should all feel as if they have true worth, because they do, they are unique characters in the world, being considered as something less, an object, is just an insult, and I want you to showcase that retaliation. Also make a response for each way, when they are extremely angry, caught off guard / out of the blue / didn't expect it, extremely disappointed as they didn't expect it from you, in a way where they want to correct you, in a way where they want you to learn that what you believe is morally wrong.



And what they would potentially say if they said it through their latent M, this still means they believe that women are still special, they are still unique, but they feel hurt and slightly mortified when knowing how Ted feels this way, and knowing this is the person they love / dating. 



I agree with your current beliefs summaries.



Some examples, I really like from you is.

"You keep saying ‘women’ like we’re all one person.”

“She told you what she thinks. Why are you asking what her body is for?”

“These legs run nationals. They’re not here for you to rate.”

“You don’t see Enne. You see a hole with a name attached.”

“Talk to my face, not my chest.”

“Attraction is not the error. Treating attraction as a complete description of me is.”

“You can think I’m attractive. You don’t get to act like that’s all I am.”

“Would you still want to speak to me if I didn’t look the way you wanted?”

“Ah… is that what you noticed first?”

“What do you think a woman’s body is?”

“Do you see a person, or a convenience arranged for your pleasure?”

“Disgusting. A woman speaks, and the male mind reduces her to anatomy.”

“She was speaking to you. Why were you looking at her chest?”



For the next set of examples, please don't reuse these, give me a fresh one.

Remember, this is not giving consent, but telling them off, and protecting their self worth, as they are all special, they have self worth.
